How did viewing a diff between two versions help you spot the bug?
This aproach allows you to ignore the content that did not change between versions, focusing the attention on important bits.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
You can spot changes you regularly make, think about why you make them, and perhaps change your workflow to avoid having to make them.
You can look back to remember the reasoning for changing things, or doing things one way and not the other.
You can save yourself from having to re-do some things from scratch if you mess something up.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros:
Avoids saving incomplete work
Author should know well when a change is correct size to commit
Avoids cluttering history with meaningless commits
Cons:
Author should remember to make commits now and then
Takes a little bit of time and effort to manually commit

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Git deals with projects that are usually multi-file (e.g. software), where changes in one file can affect others.
Google Docs is used for documents, where such a situation is less common (though still possible).

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Git log shows you every commit made to the repository (id, date, comment).
Git diff shows the differences between two chosen committs (lines added, removed of changed).

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Knowing that you can always go back to a version that you know works makes you confident, yes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
Versioning of work-related python scripts.
Versioning of learning-related python scripts.
Using it in other courses I am doing.
